Abaeze	Branch of the kings	Boy		
Abayomrunkoje	God won't allow humiliation.	Boy		
Abebi	We asked for a girl child.	Girl		
Abegunde	One born during the holiday.	Boy		
Abeo	The bringer of happiness .	Boy		
Abidugun	One born before the war.	Boy		
Abigail	Father in rejoicing	Girl		
Abiodun	One born at the time of festival.	Boy		
Achojah	Rise up to challenge	Boy		
Adaego	Daughter of wealth	Girl		
Adaeze	Princess, daughter of the king.	Girl		
Adaku	A girl born into wealthy family or the one who brings wealth to the family.	Girl		
Adankwo	One born on fourth day.	Girl		
Adaobi	The first daughter in the family compound.	Girl		
Adaolisa	God's daughter.	Girl		
Adaoma	A good and virtuous lady.	Girl		
Adaora	Daughter of all	Girl		
Adaugo	Beautiful daughter or daughter of an eagle.	Girl		
Adaure	Daughter of Uruala, a town in Imo State.	Girl		
Adebamgbe	A Nigerian term meaning royalty dwells within me.	Boy		
Adebiyi	The royal one.	Boy		
Adebowale	Return of the crown; refers to a child born after many years of waiting	Boy		
Adedayo	The crown has turned to joy.	Boy		
Adefolake	Your wealth supports us.	Girl		
Aderiyike	The pampered crown.	Girl		
Afamefuna	My name will not be lost.	Boy		
Agbarha	Born in Agbarha	Boy		
Ahunna	One with the body of her father.	Girl		
Ahwinahwi	A really black or dark individual	Boy		
Akachukwu	The hand of God.	Boy		
Akin	Yoruban - Brave, Heroic ; Hebrew - Man	Boy		
Akpenvwoghene	Praise God	Unisex		
Akpobome	My own life	Unisex		
Akpofure	Life is now peaceful	Boy		
Akporovwovwo	Good life in later years	Unisex		
Akuada	A girl born into a wealthy family.	Girl		
Akunna	Father's wealth.	Boy		
Amaechi	Who knows tomorrow?	Boy		
Amandi	Trust no one, one who doesn't trust anyone easily.	Boy		
Amobi	Who knows the heart of man?	Boy		
Anaborhi	The one who is born with good destiny	Unisex		
Anozie	We are now settled or well positioned.	Boy		
Anwilichukwu	God' s joy.	Girl		
Anwuli	Joy, a joyous and happy girl.	Girl		
Anwulichukwu	Joy of the lord.	Girl		
Anwulika	My joy is great or joy is greater.	Girl		
Apunanwu	A precious and beautiful girl untainted by the sun.	Girl		
Aretta	A charming and enchanting woman.	Girl		
Arinzechukwu	Thanks be to God.	Boy		
Aruegodore	We have come home	Boy		
Asaroyoma	Comfort zones	Girl		
Ataikiru	Talk or plan before taking action	Boy		
Avwunudiogba	Those who profess strength with mere talk	Unisex		
Azi	Youth	Boy		
Azubuike	Strength gained from experiences of the past.	Boy		
Bako	A Nigerian term meaning guest.	Boy		
Banjoko	Don't ever leave me.	Boy		
Benjamin	Son Of The Right Hand	Boy		
Binyelum	Stay with me.	Girl		
Blessing	Consecration	Girl		
Bolanile	The wealth of this house.	Girl		
Bunkechukwu	The one who belongs to God.	Boy		
Chetachi	One who always remembers God.	Boy		
Chetachukwu	One who always remembers God.	Boy		
Chiagozie	God has blessed me.	Girl		
Chiasoka	God is too sweet.	Girl		
Chiazokam	God has saved me well.	Girl		
Chibarameze	God has made me a king.	Girl		
Chibinobim	God dwells in my heart.	Girl		
Chibuike	God is strength.	Boy		
Chibundo	God is my shelter	Girl		
Chibundu	God is life	Boy		
Chibunna	God is my father	Boy		
Chibuogu	God is my strength.	Girl		
Chibuzor	God first or God leads	Boy		
Chichima	A sweet and precious girl.	Girl		
Chidiadi	There is God	Boy		
Chidiebere	God is merciful	Boy		
Chidiebube	God is glorious and great.	Boy		
Chidozie	May God fix it and make it good for me.	Boy		
Chiekezie	God has made it good for me.	Boy		
Chiemeka	God has done well.	Boy		
Chiemelie	God has won.	Boy		
Chiemezie	God has made it good for me.	Boy		
Chikanma	God is better than any other thing.	Boy		
Chikezie	May God appease.	Boy		
Chimankpa	God know my wants.	Boy		
Chimaobi	God knows the heart.	Boy		
Chimezie	Let God do it.	Boy		
Chinaka	God decides or God schedules.	Boy		
Chinara	Received by God	Girl		
Chinecherem	God thinks and worries on my behalf.	Boy		
Chinechezirim	God thinks good of me.	Girl		
Chisimdi	God says I shall live.	Girl		
Chuk	The Supreme divine; the one beyond everything	Boy		
Chukwudumaga	God leads me.	Boy		
Chukwuemerie	God has won.	Boy		
Chukwuma	God knows, God knows better than anyone.	Boy		
Chuwudubem	Lead me, oh God.	Boy		
Daberechi
Daluchi	Thank God.	Girl		
Daraja	One who is valuable and important to everyone.	Girl		
Dayo	Arrival of joy	Unisex		
Debare	One born during good times.	Boy		
Diarachukwundu	Live for God	Boy		
Durojaiye	One who waits for the joy of life.	Boy		
Ebhaleleme	A term meaning 'you won't follow my lead'.	Boy		
Ebhaleleme	A term meaning "you won't follow my lead"	Boy		
Ebubechukwu	The glory and greatness of God.	Boy		
Ebunoluwa	The God's gift	Girl		
Echezonanna	Don't forget your God and your father.	Boy		
Edaferierhi	The rich have good destiny	Boy		
Edafetanure	The wealthy have spoken	Boy		
Edemirukaye	The day I did them a favor	Boy		
Edewor	Sacred day of worship in traditional religion	Boy		
Edosio	Rainy day	Boy		
Efemena	Here is my wealth	Unisex		
Efemuaye	Those intoxicated with riches	Boy		
Efetobo	Wealth is achieved	Unisex		
Efetobore	Wealth has now been achieved	Boy		
Egbo	Forest	Boy		
Egharevba	One who is not bothered of enemies.	Boy		
Eghwrudjakpor	I have come to stay	Unisex		
Eguono	Love	Unisex		
Ejaife	Let them be rich	Boy		
Ejaita	Let them say	Unisex		
Ejikeme	It's not by power.	Boy		
Ejiroghene	Praise God	Unisex		
Ejokparoghene	Let's trust in God	Unisex		
Ejomafuvwe	Let peace reign in my life	Unisex		
Ejoyovwi	Let it be good	Unisex		
Ekemma	One who was born on Eke market day.	Girl		
Ekenedilichukwu	Thanks be to God	Boy		
Ekong	War or battle.	Boy		
Elochukwu	God's will	Boy		
Emarejedje	The elderly also run for life	Unisex		
Emenike	It's not by might or power.	Boy		
Emerho	A special type of catfish	Boy		
Emetemedia	I will always remain a lady	Girl		
Emeterhire	Girls have arrived	Girl		
Emetitiri	Mine is famous	Boy		
Emilohi	Only God is great.	Girl		
Emmanuel	a word used for the Messiah in the old testament which also means god is with us.	Boy		
Emudiaga	Let's stand firmly	Boy		
Emuobosa	Your own thing is precious	Unisex		
Emuvoke	Everything has time	Unisex		
Enajemete	These are also girls	Girl		
Enakpodia	The way life should to be	Boy		
Enitekiru	Think before you act	Boy		
Enivwenaye	Compare my success with those of my enemies	Unisex		
Enofe	One who is rich.	Boy		
Enohor	Blessing	Girl		
Enyinnaya	His father's friend.	Boy		
Epkereamaka	One who finds prayer is good and wonderful.	Girl		
Erhiaganoma	Guardian spirit overpowers the body	Boy		
Erhimeyoma	My guardian spirit (God) is good	Unisex		
Erhinyoja	God hears our prayers	Unisex		
Erhinyuse	God answers our prayers	Unisex		
Erhiroghene	The spirit of God	Unisex		
Erhue	A special breed of cow used for traditional ceremonies	Boy		
Erhuvwun	Beauty	Unisex		
Erukainure	We have helped them	Unisex		
Eseoghene	God's gift	Unisex		
Eserovwe	God's grace	Unisex		
Esomchi	Walking with the lord or one who follows God	Boy		
Esther	Sweet; Star; Planet Venus; The Babylonian goddess of love; Fifth Century Queen of Persia	Girl		
Etaidaferua	Words of the wealthy are more acceptable	Boy		
Etanomare	Freed from blame or despair	Boy		
Etaredafe	Words of the wealthy	Boy		
Ewelike	It's not by power	Boy		
Ezesinachi	The chief is from God.	Boy		
Ezeudo	King of peace.	Boy		
Eziamaka	One who believes that good things are obtained by going out.	Girl		
Ezichi	Good God!	Girl		
Ezinne	The good mother.	Girl		
Folade	The honor arrives.	Girl		
Folashade	Honor bestows a crown.	Girl		
Gabriel	God is my strength	Unisex		
Ganiru	Good luck	Boy		
Ginika	What can be greater than God?	Girl		
Ginikanwa	What is greater than a child?	Girl		
Golibe	Rejoice, a joyous fellow.	Boy		
Gosifechukwu	Show the light of God to all.	Boy		
Hanyechukwu	Leave it for God.	Boy		
Hassana	Twin Girl (Nigerian)	Girl		
Ibironke	The family will love this child.	Girl		
Idaramfon	Happiness is free.	Girl		
Idogbe	The second child born after twins.	Boy		
Ifeanyichukwu	God is most powerful or no one is greater than God.	Boy		
Ifechi	The light of God.	Boy		
Ifechiluru	What God has done.	Girl		
Ifechukwu	The light of God.	Girl		
Ifechukwude	What God has written.	Boy		
Ifedimma	Something good	Girl		
Ifekristi	The light of Christ.	Unisex		
Ifemyolunna	What I asked of the lord.	Boy		
Ifeoluwapo	God's love is plenty.	Girl		
Ifeyinwa	Nothing can be compared to a child.	Girl		
Ifunanya	Love	Girl		
Igberaharha
Isaac
Ighomuedafe	Money intoxicates the wealthy	Boy		
Ighovavwerhe	There is joy in riches	Boy		
Igitioluwotilaiye	The tree of God is rooted and strong.	Unisex		
Igwebuike	Strength in numbers.	Boy		
Iheanacho	Precious or what everyone seeks.	Boy		
Ihuoma	One who is favored.	Girl		
Ihuomachukwu	God's favor.	Girl		
Ijeawele	A smooth journey.	Girl		
Ijemma	A good journey.	Girl		
Ijeoma	A good journey in life.	Girl		
Ikechukwu	The power of God.	Boy		
Ikemba	Strength of the nation.	Boy		
Ikponmwosa	Thank God, one who is thankful to God for everything.	Unisex		
Ileara	A healthy child.	Girl		
Ilozumba	Nigerian term meaning, our distant home is forgotten.	Boy		
Ilozumba	Nigerian term meaning, our distant home is forgotten.	Boy		
Imbiana	Title of a unity song in Nigeria.	Girl		
Inegbedion	Nigerian term meaning family supports me.	Boy		
Inegbedion	Nigerian term meaning family supports me.	Boy		
Iretomiwa	Blessing has come to me, a girl who has brought blessings to her family.	Girl		
Irikefe	First to become wealthy	Boy		
Isaac	He will laugh, he will rejoice	Boy		
Isamotu Olalekan	Without God I'm destitute.	Boy		
Isinachi	One who is sent from God.	Boy		
Isioma	One who is fortunate and blessed.	Girl		
Isoken	One who is contented with her destiny.	Girl		
Iyawa	Ability or skill. A skillful woman.	Girl		
Jachike	Give praise to God or Hail God.	Boy		
Jaiyesimi	One who believes in enjoying the life.	Unisex		
Jayamma	Praise to the lord.	Boy		
Jideofor	Nigerian term meaning, you are justified.	Boy		
Jol	Great lover of art and culture	Girl		
Joy	it means to rejoice. Such people have a fun side and yearn for their innermost desires. They are hardworking and can do almost anything to achieve their goals.	Girl		
Kachisicho	God's desire	Boy		
Kachiside	As God has written it or the will of God.	Boy		
Kaetochukwu	May God be praised.	Boy		
Kainyechukwuekene	Let's praise the Lord.	Boy		
Kairaluchukwu	Let's leave it to God.	Girl		
Kaisoluchukwu	Let's follow God.	Girl		
Kambili	Let me live or I shall live.	Boy		
Kamdilichukwu	Let me live for God.	Boy		
Kamfeechi	Let me worship God.	Boy		
Kamfeechukwu	Let's worship God or let me praise God	Girl		
Kamharida	I shall not fall.	Girl		
Kamsiyonna	God has granted my request.	Girl		
Kamtochukwu	Let me praise God.	Girl		
Kanayochukwu	Let's keep begging from the lord.	Boy		
Kanyinulia	Let's rejoice and have fun.	Girl		
Kaodinakachi	Leave your destiny to God.	Boy		
Karaluchukwu	Let's leave it for God.	Girl		
Kasarachukwu	Tell it to God, one who always confides in God.	Girl		
Kasiemobi	Comfort me or console me.	Girl		
Kebe	Strong man with no fear	Girl		
Kelechi	Glorify God.	Boy		
Kentoroabasi	I am glorifying God.	Boy		
Kesandu	One who spreads life to all.	Girl		
Kingsley	Kingsley name means King's Wood	Boy		
Kosarachi	Tell it to God.	Girl		
Kristibueze	Christ is the king.	Boy		
Kufreabasi	Do not forget God, one who always remembers God.	Unisex		
Kwento	One who protects the family name from destruction	Unisex		
Lebechi	Look unto God.	Girl		
Lotachukwu	Remember God	Boy		
Lotachukwu	Remember your God.	Girl		
Lotanna	Remember the father or the God	Boy		
Machie	Replacement of a lost gem.	Unisex		
Maduenu	A term meaning The impermanence of life.	Unisex		
Maduenu	A term meaning The impermanence of life.	Unisex		
Maduka	People are worth more than riches.	Boy		
Makuachukwu	Embrace God.	Girl		
Mary	Hebrew - Wished for child; Sea of bitterness; To Swell; A variant form of Marilyn; As Mary;	Girl		
Mfoniso	Nigerian term, meaning good luck.	Boy		
Michael	One of the seven archangels of the God	Boy		
Miriodere	I now have a name	Unisex		
Mitaire	I have achieved their match	Unisex		
Mkpulunma	A thing of beauty.	Girl		
Mmasichukwu	The will of God.	Girl		
Mobo	Freedom	Boy		
Modupeore	Thank you God for this gift.	Unisex		
Mofoluwakemi	Given for the Lord's blessing.	Girl		
Mongo	A famous man.	Boy		
Monjolaoluwa	Enjoying the wealth of God.	Unisex		
Morenikeji	This child resembles me.	Unisex		
Munachimso	One who always agrees with God.	Boy		
Nagodeallah	I thank God.	Unisex		
Naija	The one from the Niger river	Girl		
Nasha	In Nigerian it means born during the rainy season. In Persian it means Judge	Unisex		
Nchedochukwu	God's protection.	Boy		
Nchekwube	Trust in God.	Girl		
Ndidi	One who is patient.	Girl		
Ndulue	Nigerian term meaning hope this one makes it.	Boy		
Ndulue	Nigerian term meaning hope this one makes it.	Boy		
Ngozichukwuka	God's blessings are best.	Girl		
Niyilolawa	The wealth is here.	Unisex		
Nneka	My mother is the best in the world.	Girl		
Nnenne	Resembles mother's mother.	Girl		
Norioghene	Look at God's judgment	Unisex		
Nwabueze	Child is the king	Boy		
Oba	The king	Boy		
Obasi
Obiageli	One who is born into wealth.	Girl		
Obiajulu	My heart is at peace.	Boy		
Obiefune	Nigerian word meaning do not lose hope.	Boy		
Obiefune	Nigerian word meaning do not lose hope.	Boy		
Obinna	Combination of Sanskrit words "Moh" and "Under" that means the charm of a King.	Boy		
Obioma	The Charm of a King that wins over the hearts of others, One who can win with his charm.	Girl		
Oboganriemu	Be strong to survive	Boy		
Ochuko	Hindu name of deity Lord Krishna.	Boy		
Odafe	Rich individual	Boy		
Odavwaro	I am contented	Unisex		
Ogbamremu	The brave meets a lot of challenges	Boy		
Ogechukwukana	The time spent worshiping God is the best.	Unisex		
Oghenebrume	God decided in my favor	Unisex		
Oghenechovwe	God aided me	Unisex		
Oghenefejiro	God is praiseworthy	Unisex		
Oghenegaren	God is great	Unisex		
Oghenekevwe	God gave me	Unisex		
Ogheneme	My God	Unisex		
Oghenemine	I look up to God	Unisex		
Oghenerukevwe	God did this for me	Unisex		
Ogheneruno	God has done so much	Unisex		
Oghenetega	God is worship worthy	Unisex		
Oghenochuko	God provides my support	Unisex		
Oghomena	Here is my respect	Unisex		
Oghonoro	Respect is greater than money	Unisex		
Ogoro	Frog	Boy		
Ohwahwa	Cold season	Boy		
Ohwofasa	A person's status should be defined by his achievement	Boy		
Ohwonigho	A person is greater than riches	Boy		
Ojakorotu	This is a group challenge	Boy		
Ojanomare	I have met the challenge	Unisex		
Okagbare	I have all styles and skills	Boy		
Okoro	Man	Boy		
Okpara	One who is born in Okpara	Boy		
Okpogoro	A big toad	Boy		
Oladele	Persons of success, pupil of triumph.	Unisex		
Olayemi	One who is worthy of wealth.	Unisex		
Olorunyomi	God has saved me	Unisex		
Oluchi	The work of god.	Girl		
Oluebube	Miracle.	Girl		
Olumoroti	I stand with God	Unisex		
Olusola	God has blessed me	Unisex		
Oluwabusola	God adds to my wealth.	Girl		
Oluwadunmininu	God has gladden my heart.	Unisex		
Oluwafunbi	God gave this to me.	Girl		
Oluwagbenga	God has lifted me up.	Unisex		
Oluwatoke	God is worthy to be adored.	Unisex		
Ometeko	Girl born in Lagos	Girl		
Omolade	Child of the crown.	Girl		
Omonigho	Child is greater than money	Unisex		
Omonoro	Child is greater than gold	Unisex		
Omorinsola	The child who walks into wealth.	Girl		
Omotejohwo	A girl is also a human being	Girl		
Omotekoro	A girl is like gold	Girl		
Omotore	Girl's birth brings festivity	Girl		
Omotughele	Girl from Ughelli	Girl		
Omotukane	Girl born in diaspora	Girl		
Onajite	This is sufficient	Unisex		
Onanojah	This is a challenge	Boy		
Onochie	The one who can replace the status of father.	Boy		
Onogaganmue	One who is intoxicated with power	Boy		
Onoharhese	Who blames good deeds?	Unisex		
Onoharhigho	Who blames riches?	Boy		
Orisa	An angelic manifestation.	Girl		
Orodena	The great one	Boy		
Osarogie	God is the king.	Girl		
Ovie	King	Boy		
Oviereya	Queen	Girl		
Oyibonanarhoro	A white skinned individual	Boy		
Oyiborhoro	He who is fair or white skinned	Boy		
Oyiborode	A big and fair person	Boy		
Oyinlola	Nigerian term, meaning wealth is sweet.	Girl		
Oyovwikerhi	May my guardian spirit be blessed	Unisex		
Peter	One who is a rock and a stone	Boy		
Rayowa	Life	Girl		
Redeem	A woman who has redeemed herslef	Girl		
Rose	A beautiful flower	Girl		
Sade	Honor bestowes the crown	Girl		
Sam	The child of the Sun, a bright one	Boy		
Samuel	It was told by the God	Boy		
Sapele	A boy who is born in Sapele	Boy		
Somtochukwu	Praise God with me.	Girl		
Stephanie	She who to whom the crown belongs	Girl		
Tambara	A girl who is at ease.	Girl		
Tayo	Boy full of happiness	Boy		
Tejumola	One who looks forward to better days.	Unisex		
Temidire	Mine has turned to blessings.	Unisex		
Timilehin	God is with you.	Girl		
Tujuka	Cheerful	Girl		
Udumebraye	My presence gives them heartache	Boy		
Udumelue	Crowned with honor and pride	Girl		
Ugoulo	Pride of a home.	Girl		
Uhwokori	The one who is born in Uhwokori	Boy		
Uloaku	Nigerian term for bank or house of wealth.	Girl		
Uloho	Iroko tree	Boy		
Umukoko	Young woman	Girl		
Umukoro	Young man	Boy		
Umuto	Woman	Girl		
Urhie	River	Boy		
Uvo
Uzoma	One born during a journey	Boy		
Yejide	One who looks like her mother.	Girl		
Yoruba	Peace	Girl		
Zauna	To be alive	Girl		
Zikoranachidinma	Show the world that Lord is good.	Girl		
Zinachidinma	Show that the Lord is good.	Girl		
Zoputan
Ahelis	A woman of nobility	Girl		
Ahelissa	A noble born woman	Girl		
Alexander	Defender of Mankind	Boy		
Alice	Truth, gracious, reality	Girl		
Aurora	A Roman Goddess; wonderful dawn and breezy	Girl		
Ava	A bird; a living organism of the ecosystem	Girl		
Bricteva	One who is fair gift	Girl		
Bricthiua	She is a gift	Girl		
Bricthled	She is from the lad of gifts	Girl		
Chrysogon	A Medieval English name of Greek origin	Boy		
Col	A short term for Nicholas; meaning victory of the men	Boy		
David	A beloved friend	Boy		
Elijah	Name of a very famous King and a Prophet	Boy		
Elizabeth	One who provides satisfaction and fullness	Girl		
Emilia	this name means to rival or emulate or excel.	Girl		
Emma	the meaning of this name is universal whole.	Girl		
Gabriel	God is my strength	Unisex		
Henry	Estate ruler	Boy		
Hildeth	She who gives good battle counsel	Girl		
Hildeyerd	A young battle maiden	Girl		
Hildiard	She who fights in a battle	Girl		
Hildilid	A warrior of the battle	Boy		
Hildith	A fighter in the war	Boy		
Hilditha	She who gfights in the battles of war	Girl		
Hildithe	One who is in the battle	Girl		
Hildred	A counseler in the battle	Unisex		
Hildwulf	One who is like a wolf in the battle	Boy		
Hildyard	He sho is from the battle fields	Boy		
Hilith	She is a battle maiden	Girl		
Hillaria	A woman who is always cheerful and happy	Girl		
Hillda	A woman who is a soldier in the war	Girl		
Hilleree	A cheerful and happy maiden	Girl		
Hismena	A beloved and esteemed woman. Hismena is a Medieval variation of the name Ismay	Girl		
Horenga	A variation of the name Orenga	Girl		
Hrodwyn	One who is a friend of the fame	Boy		
John	Eldest son of Saul,God is Benevolent,merciful and gracious	Boy		
Lefleda	A beutiful individual who is loved by others	Girl		
Lefquen	Cherised and beloved person	Girl		
Lefquena	Beautiful, powerful and beloved individual	Girl		
Lefquene	Darling and beaufitul person	Girl		
Lefquenn	Pleasing and dear woman	Girl		
Lefqwen	A woman of beauty, power and loved by all	Girl		
Lefric	A beloved and powerful individual	Boy		
Lefrich	He who is powerful and pleasant	Boy		
Lefricus	Authorative and beloved person	Boy		
Lefsued	A pleasing person with enjoyable personality	Boy		
Lefsuet	He who is dear and agreeable	Boy		
Lefuuinus	From Old English "leof" meaning dear, beloved	Boy		
Lefwen	Dear and Joyous person	Girl		
Lefwenna	A person who is full of joy and beloved	Girl		
Lefwinus	A beloved, joyfull person	Boy		
Lefwyne	A precious and cheerfull individual	Boy		
Livith	An individual who gladly participates in battles	Girl		
Lucy	English variation of Lucia, meaning light	Girl		
Matthew	A gift of God	Boy		
Mawdelyn	A medeval English girl name	Girl		
Michael	One of the seven archangels of the God	Boy		
Oliver	The one who represents the emblem of peace or olive tree.	Boy		
Olivia	The one who is closer to olive tree.	Girl		
Plesantia	A pleasant, delightful woman	Girl		
Plesencia	A charming, pleasant, friendly woman	Girl		
Pollekin	A daughter that was prayed for	Girl		
Polli	One who is like a sea of bitterness	Girl		
Polloch	A Royal Headdress	Boy		
Pollyana	A rebellious child	Girl		
Purnele	One solid and strong as the rock	Girl		
Purnell	An old surname, meaning the rock	Boy		
Purnelle	One who can be comapared to a rock	Girl		
Ravenor	A Medieval English surname, meaning the raven	Boy		
Sebastian	He who is from Sebastia	Boy		
Stella	Star of the sea	Unisex		
Violet
Asteria
Caliope	A woman with beautiful voice	Girl		
Hemera	The day	Girl		
Hercules	Glory of Heroism	Boy		
Khronos	Khronos means To Cut	Boy		
Laodamia	Daughter of Bellerophon and Wife of Protesialus in Greek and Roman Mythology	Girl		
Larisa	A citadel, bastion or fortification	Girl		
Lavena	The wife of a Toyan Hero who named the city Lavena after her	Girl		
Leta	A hidden and forgoten treausure	Girl		
Linus	Son of the God Apollo, this is a name from Greek Mythology and means flax	Boy		
Pluto	One who has great wealth	Boy		
Poseidon	God of the Ocean and the Sea	Boy		
Prometheus	The forsighting, forethoughtful person	Boy		
Pyrrhus	A person that has the colour of the flames, the red one	Boy		
Rhea
Siren

Aber	Yiddish form of Abraham which means Father of a might nation.	Boy		
Aberlin	Yiddish form of Abraham which means Father of a multitudes.	Boy		
Abrasha	Yiddish form of Abraham, meaning Father of a multitudes.	Boy		
Ahron	Yiddish form of Aaron, meaning mountain.	Boy		
Aizik	Yiddish form of Yitzchak, meaning he will laugh.	Boy		
Alte	An old woman.	Girl		
Ancel	Fortunate, blessed, happy	Boy		
Anschil	Yiddish form of Asher, meaning fortunate, blessed, and happy.	Boy		
Anshel	Yiddish form of Asher, meaning fortunate, blessed, and happy.	Boy		
Arele	Yiddish form of Aaron, meaning mountain.	Boy		
Arke	The light-bringer.	Boy		
Aver	Aver is the short form of Abraham and means father of multitude.	Boy		
Avrom	A form of Abraham, meaning father of a multitude.	Boy		
Badane	Given by God.	Girl		
Baila	One who is a beautiful form of dance	Girl		
Baile	One who is troubled.	Girl		
Beynish	Blessed	Boy		
Bine	A form of Bin, meaning bee.	Girl		
Bluma	A Flower, Bloom	Girl		
Blume	Yiddish word for flower.	Girl		
Breine	One who is blessed.	Boy		
Charna	Dark	Girl		
Chasya	Shelter.	Girl		
Chasye	Shelter. A variant of Chasya.	Girl		
Chatzkel	God strengthens.	Boy		
Chayna	A beautiful and bold person	Girl		
Cheyna	A beautiful woman.	Girl		
Dine	Yiddish form of Dinah, meaning judgment.	Girl		
Dovid	Yiddish form of David, meaning beloved.	Boy		
Dudel	One who is beloved, favorite or darling.	Boy		
Dvoire	A form of Divorah, meaning bee.	Girl		
Dvosye	Yiddish form of Deborah, meaning bee.	Girl		
Elkie	God bought.	Girl		
Elye	A form of Elijah, meaning height or ascension.	Boy		
Faivish	Someone with a bright and radiant personality.	Boy		
Fayvel	Bright and radiant.	Boy		
Feiga	Yiddish word meaning fig.	Girl		
Fivel	Nursing	Boy		
Frayda	A happy and joyful woman.	Girl		
Freyda	Refers to bliss, happy and content.	Girl		
Froim	A form of Ephraim, meaning fruitful.	Boy		
Fruma	Girl who is religious or spiritual.	Girl		
Frumah	A pious woman.	Girl		
Gel	The yellow color	Boy		
Gelleia	A yellow coloures girl	Girl		
Glucke	A woman with a good fortune.	Girl		
Golde	Precious Metal, The one who is precious for the family and friends, with sciencer and honest thought.	Girl		
Goldeburga	The one with sixth sense, high energy level, senstiveness and possess a high sense of awareness.	Girl		
Goldeheve	The one with sixth sense, high energy level, senstiveness and possess a high sense of awareness.	Girl		
Goldia	Goldia is a Judaism name which means valuable as gold. Expensive, exclusive and valuable.	Girl		
Goldie	Goldia is a Judaism name which means valuable as gold. Expensive, exclusive and valuable.	Girl		
Golds	Precious Metal, The one who is precious for the family and friends, with sciencer and honest thought.	Girl		
Henda	Yiddish word meaning favor or grace.	Girl		
Henye	God is gracious.	Girl		
Hersh	Deer, Hart; A deer; A variant of Hersch	Boy		
Hershel	Deer, Hart; A deer; A variant of Hersch	Boy		
Hersz	Lord of the manor or house owner.	Boy		
Heschel	Yiddish word for deer.	Boy		
Hinda	Yiddish name meaning "deer." The name was borne by one of Muhammad's wives	Girl		
Hirsch	Deer, Hart; A deer; A variant of Hersch	Boy		
Hirschel	Deer	Boy		
Hirsh	Deer, Hart; A deer; A variant of Hersch	Boy		
Hode	Yiddish word for myrtle tree.	Girl		
Hudes	One who is praised by everyone.	Girl		
Issur	Yiddish nickname for Israel	Boy		
Izik	A form of Isaac, meaning he laughs, laughter.	Boy		
Josef	Hebrew - Yahweh will add; God Will Multiply; God will rise; A variant of Joseph	Boy		
Lantz	Yiddish form of Lancer. It means spear.	Boy		
Libke	A loved one.	Girl		
Malgrim	One with individuality and independence	Boy		
Menahem	One who consoles or provide comfort, name given to a child born after the death of older sibling.	Boy		
Mendeley	Comforter, full of comfort.	Boy		
Mesh	In Yiddish it means "Brass" In Hindi it means "Trap"	Girl		
Minah	Yiddish variant of Marie, meaning bitter.	Girl		
Mindel	Bitter. Yiddish variant of Marie.	Girl		
Mirke	Bitter. Yiddish variant of Marie.	Girl		
Moishe	Clearance on unfruitful land, Defrayal on barren land.	Boy		
Ner	Candle or light	Boy		
Perle	English - Pearl; Precious; A Gem Of The Sea; A variant form of Pearl	Girl		
Pesha	One who is born at Easter	Girl		
Raysel	The flower rose.	Boy		
Schmuel	God has heard.	Boy		
Shaina	Beautiful	Unisex		
Shana	Beautiful	Girl		
Shayna	Beautiful	Girl		
Shelomoh	A form of Solomon, meaning peace.	Boy		
Shprintza	Yiddish name meaning hope.	Girl		
Teive	Yahweh is good.	Boy		
Toiba	Yiddish word for dove.	Girl		
Toltse	Sweet	Girl		
Velvel	Wolf	Boy		
Yankel	Yahweh may protect.	Boy		
Yehoshua	Yahweh is salvation.	Boy		
Yehudi	Praise	Boy		
Yitzhak	A form of Isaac. It means he laughs or laughter.	Boy		
Yochanan	Yahweh is merciful.	Boy		
Zalman	A variant of Solomon, meaning peace.	Boy		
Zeide	Yiddish word for grandfather.	Boy		
Zelig	A happy and cheerful man.	Boy		
Zemel
Zindel	Defender of man.	Boy		
Zissa	Sweet one	Girl		
Zissel	Sweet	Girl		
Zon	Yiddish - Little Son; A contraction of the Yiddish name Zondal	Boy		
Zondal
darek
A-wut	Weapon	Boy		
Aat	Someone who is daring	Boy		
Achara	An angel who is very pretty or beautiful	Girl		
Ananada	One who is prosperous, prosperous	Boy		
Anong	A gorgeous woman.	Girl		
Anuman	Small patience	Boy		
Anurak	Anurak is the male angel in Thai mythology.	Boy		
Aom	To encircle or to embrace	Girl		
Aroon	Mythical Charioteer of the Sun; Dawn	Boy		
Asnee	Lightning	Boy		
Atid	The sun	Boy		
Beam	Ray of light	Girl		
Benz	The blessed one	Boy		
Boon-Mee	Lucky, a lucky and fortunate boy.	Boy		
Boon-Nam	One born with a good fortune.	Boy		
Boonsri	Beautiful	Girl		
Busarakham	Yellow sapphire	Girl		
Chai	A lively person who is filled with joy	Boy		
Chai Son	A mischievous boy	Boy		
Chaisai	Victory	Boy		
Chaiya	Victory	Boy		
Chakan	An able bodied person.	Boy		
Chalerm	Celebrated	Boy		
Chalermchai	A celebrated victory	Boy		
Chaloem	The apex	Boy		
Channarong	An experienced warrior	Boy		
Chuanchen	Persuasion	Boy		
David	A beloved friend	Boy		
Daw	Bright and beautiful stars	Unisex		
Decha	Power, a powerful person	Boy		
Duangkamol	Right from the heart.	Girl		
Duanphen	Full moon	Girl		
Earth	Adaptation of the English word, meaning the planet or the soil	Boy		
Fern	A green, shade loving plant. A fern.	Unisex		
Gan	The bold one.	Unisex		
Hom	The sweet smell.	Girl		
Ice	Adaptation of the English word, meaning frozen water/liquid	Boy		
Jane	God Is Gracious; French form of Jehanne; A variant name of Jean	Girl		
Kamnan	The head of the village.	Boy		
Kannika	A beautiful flower	Girl		
Kanok	Design or pattern	Girl		
Kanokwan	Kanok means gold, Wan means sweet	Girl		
Karawek	A bird found in Thailand, bird	Girl		
Karnchana	A beautiful and lovely girl.	Girl		
Kasem	The feeling of pure happiness	Boy		
Kasemchai	A victorious celebration	Boy		
Khemkhaeng	A strong and powerful man.	Boy		
Khun Mae	The honorable mother.	Girl		
Kiet	Kiet means Honorable	Boy		
Kittibun	Famous fortune	Boy		
Kittichat	Famous clan or belonging to a famous clan.	Boy		
Kla	A brave and bold man.	Boy		
Klaew Kla	One who is brave and daring	Boy		
Kob Sook	A man with his heart full of happiness.	Boy		
Kohsoom	Lotus in Thai language.	Girl		
Kovit	Kovit means He who is an Expert	Boy		
Kraisee	Lion, as brave as a lion.	Boy		
Kriang Krai	A man who is well versed in victory.	Boy		
Kulap	The flower rose.	Girl		
Kwang	Thai word for deer.	Girl		
Lamai	One of soft skin and nautre, a caring person	Girl		
Lamon	Gentle	Boy		
Lawan	Beautiful	Girl		
Lawana	A graceful and beautiful individual	Girl		
Lek	A small person	Boy		
Madee	A good beginning	Girl		
Makok	A place name, one who is from the town Makok in Thailand	Unisex		
Malai	A garland of flowers in Thai	Girl		
Malee	Flower, a flower in Thailand.	Girl		
Malivalaya	Climbing jasmine	Girl		
May	A girl who is like a hawtorn flower	Girl		
Mayuree	Beautiful	Girl		
Mee Noi	It means little bear in Thai language.	Boy		
Mild	Kind, Soft-spoken, tolerant, Mild-tempered, Patient	Girl		
Mongkut	Crown	Boy		
Nan	Grace, elegant, poise, balanced	Girl		
Narong	One who always creates war or is ready for war.	Boy		
Natcha	Intelligent	Girl		
Nattapong		Boy		
Nin	Sapphire	Girl		
Niran	The one who is everlasting and never ending.	Boy		
Paitoon	A beautiful gemstone found in Thailand.	Boy		
Pakpao	The fighter kite	Girl		
Pensri	The beauty of the moon.	Girl		
Phaelyn	Thai - Sapphire; A variant of Phailin	Girl		
Phaibun	To prosper and flourish	Girl		
Phailin	Thai - Sapphire; A variant of Phaelyn	Girl		
Phairoh	Pleasant sounding	Girl		
Phassakorn	Sun	Boy		
Phawta	Pleasing to the eye	Girl		
Phichit	To win, one who is habituated to winning.	Boy		
Phitsamai	An adorable woman.	Girl		
Phueng	Bee	Girl		
Pimchan	Beautiful as the moon.	Girl		
Ploy	Precious stone or gem	Girl		
Pravat	A historic person	Boy		
Preed	A joyful individual	Boy		
Prija	Intelligence, an intelligent and smart woman.	Girl		
Ratanaporn	Crystal blessing	Girl		
Ritthirong
Rochana	Sweet words, one who is very sweet with the words.	Girl		
Saengdao	Starlight	Girl		
Sakda	Power, a powerful person	Boy		
Samorn	A woman who is beautiful and beloved.	Girl		
Sanoh	Something that's pleasant sounding.	Girl		
Sanouk	An enjoyable festival.	Girl		
Sarawut		Boy		
Sirichai	Glorious victory or man	Boy		
Sirikit	A woman with the qualities of a Queen	Girl		
Siriporn	One who is gloriously blessed	Girl		
Somchair	One who is macho and manly	Boy		
Songkarn	One born at the Thai New Year's festival	Boy		
Sopa	An incredibly pretty girl.	Girl		
Sud	Tiger in Thai language	Boy		
Suda	She who is a daughter	Girl		
Sunstra	A woman with beautiful eyes.	Girl		
Tanawat	Knowledge	Boy		
Tansanee	Beautiful view	Girl		
Tasanee	A beautiful view	Girl		
Tida
Adam	Man, earth	Boy		
Adela	A short form of adelaide	Girl		
Aigneis	She who is chaste, holy	Girl		
Alexej	Alexej is a form of Alexander and means defender of mankind.	Boy		
Anna	Name of a King; Food; Grain; Earth and Water; God	Boy		
Barka	Foreign, strange. A form of Barèinka.	Girl		
Barunka	Foreign, strange. A form of Barèinka.	Girl		
Bedoich	A peaceful ruler	Boy		
Bedrisek	A form of Bedoich, meaning peaceful ruler	Boy		
Benes	He who is blessed.	Boy		
Bohumila	God-favor	Girl		
Branislava	Glorious protector	Girl		
Bronislava	Glorious protector. A form of Branislava.	Girl		
Cenck	Conquering	Boy		
Cenek	A form of Cenck, meaning conquering.	Boy		
Ctibor	Battle of honor	Boy		
Dalek	Distant battle	Boy		
Daleka	Distant battle	Girl		
Dalenka	Distant battle. A Form of Daleka.	Girl		
Dalibora	Distant battle	Girl		
Dalka	Distant battle	Girl		
Dobromil	Kind, gracious	Boy		
Drahoslav	Precious glory	Boy		
Drahoslava	Precious glory	Girl		
Dusanek	Soul, spirit	Boy		
Dusanka	Soul or spirit	Girl		
Dusek	Spirit or soul.	Boy		
Duska	A variant of Dusanka, meaning soul or sprit.	Girl		
Ema	this means serious or grandmother or nurse or Wife of Jarl.	Girl		
Evinka	A form of Eve, meaning alive or living.	Girl		
Evulka	Alive or living	Girl		
Evuska	Alive or living	Girl		
Filip	A horse lover (Spanish)	Boy		
Furman	A driver of a horse-cart for delivery	Boy		
Hana	Arabic for "happiness," and Japanese for "flower," Korean for "One, First, Consistency," and Hawaiian for "work	Girl		
Havel	Slovak word for rooster.	Boy		
Henrich	Slovak form of the HENRY	Boy		
Holic	Slovak word for barber.	Boy		
Honza	God is gracious	Boy		
Imrich	Ruler of the household	Boy		
Irenka	Peace	Girl		
Jakub	Siezed by the hand	Boy		
Jarka	Spring	Girl		
Jindoich	Ruler of the household	Boy		
Jindoiska	Ruler of the household	Girl		
Jioina	A form of Georgia, meaning earth-worker, farmer.	Girl		
Kateoina	A form of Catarina, meaning pure.	Girl		
Klement	Klement means He is full od Mercy	Boy		
Koloman	Dove	Boy		
Kopecky	Hill	Boy		
Kravino	Kravino means The Goofy one	Boy		
Kristina	A woman of Christian faith	Girl		
Krystof	A form of Kristoff, meaning follower of Christ.	Boy		
Kveta	Flower blossom	Girl		
Ladislava	She who rules with glory.	Girl		
Leos	A form of Leo, meaning lion.	Boy		
Libena	Love	Girl		
Libor	Free	Boy		
Libuse	Love	Girl		
Lubos	Love's peace	Boy		
Lukas	He who illuminates	Boy		
Maddie	A woman with great strenght in the battle	Girl		
Madlenka	Of Magdala	Girl		
Marik	A form of Mark, meaning warlike, martial.	Boy		
Martin	A warlike, hostile individual	Boy		
Matej	One considered a God's Gift	Boy		
Matous	Gift of God	Boy		
Metod	Slovene form of Methodius. It means 'method'.	Boy		
Michal	the person who put up with somebody unpleasant.	Girl		
Mikula	Victory of the people.	Boy		
Milania	The humanitarian union	Girl		
Miloslav	Favor or glory	Boy		
Miloslava	Favor, or glory	Girl		
Miro	The one who loves peace, spread peace	Boy		
Mstislav	Vengeance or glory	Boy		
Nadeja	Hope	Girl		
Nastenka	A form of Natasha, meaning resurrection.	Girl		
Natalia	Newcomer to this world on Christ's born day.	Girl		
Nela	Enjoying or marked by joy or pleasure	Girl		
Nina	The precious talent from the most high God.	Girl		
Nitra	To cut or to burn. Name of a river	Girl		
Oehoo	One who is watchful, vigilant.	Boy		
Oeznik	Slovak word for butcher.	Boy		
Oldoich	Prosperity and power	Boy		
Ondoej	A male warrior	Boy		
Otakar	He who is watchful of wealth.	Boy		
Otilie	She who is wealthy.	Girl		
Otokar	A variant of Otakar, meaning watchful of wealth.	Boy		
Radim	Happiness and peace.	Boy		
Radko	A happy man	Boy		
Rados	Happy glory	Boy		
Rene	A reborn person	Boy		
Rostek	The usurper of glory	Boy		
Rostinka	The usurper of glory.	Girl		
Rostislava	The usurper of glory.	Girl		
Sebastian	He who is from Sebastia	Boy		
Siek	Hearkening	Boy		
Silvester	A man of the forest	Boy		
Sobeska	Appropriate glory	Girl		
Sofia
Thomas	Twin	Boy		
Tibor	He who comes from Tivoli	Boy		
Trava	Fresh grasses	Unisex		
Upravda	The upright one.	Boy		
Valeska	She who is glorious	Girl		
Vavrinec	Of Laurentum	Boy		
Vekoslav	Eternal glory	Boy		
Viktoria	Croatian form of Victoria, meaning victory.	Girl		
Vilem	The determined guardian.	Boy		
Viliam	A form of Vilem, meaning determined guardian.	Boy		
Vinca	To conquer	Boy		
Vincenc	To conquer	Boy		
Vincenck	A variant of Vincenc, meaning to conquer.	Boy		
Vincislau	Variant of the name Wenceslaus. It means more glory.	Boy		
Vinck	Short form of Vincenc. It means to conquer.	Boy		
Vlastimil	Power-favor	Boy		
Vlastislav	Glorious power	Boy		
Vondra	The love of a woman.	Girl		
Wenceslaus	Great glory	Boy		
Yarmilla	Merchant	Girl		
Zdislav	Here is glory	Boy		
Zenevieva	White wave	Girl		
Zitomira	To live famously.	Girl		
Zivanka	Alive	Girl		
Zofie	A form of Sofia, meaning wisdom.	Girl		
Zorana
zororo

Ajla	halo, circle of light, moonlight	Girl		
Ala	Defending men, Excellence, Fragrance, esteem	Unisex		
Aleena	Variation of Alina which means Bright and Beautiful	Girl		
Aleko	Old Greek - Defender of Men; A variant of name Alec and Alexander	Boy		
Aleksander	Old Greek - Defender of Men; A variant of name Alexander	Boy		
Alexander	Defender of Mankind	Boy		
Alexandra	Shelter provider Of Mankind	Girl		
Aliana	Slavic - Bright; Beautiful; Hebrew - Brightness; Ornament; A variant of the name Alina	Girl		
Andrea	Feminine of Andrew; a defender of mankind who is manly and strong	Girl		
Andres	A born warrior who is manly and brave	Boy		
Andro	Old Greek - Male; Manly; Brave; Virility; A variant of name Andreas	Boy		
Angel	A messenger	Boy		
Angelina	The holy angels of God sent from heaven	Girl		
Anna	Name of a King; Food; Grain; Earth and Water; God	Boy		
Ante	Latin - Priceless, Inestimable; A variant of name is Anthony	Boy		
Anto	Latin - Priceless, Inestimable; A variant of name is Anthony	Boy		
Antone	Latin - Priceless, Inestimable; A variant of name is Anthony	Boy		
Bela	Time; one who lives inside heart	Girl		
Belias	A white woman	Girl		
Beyla	By God!	Girl		
Bisera	Derived from the South Slavic word biser pearl.	Girl		
Blagoy	One who is sweet, pleasant, blessed.	Boy		
Bohdana	Given by God	Girl		
Bohuslava	A woman who always glorifies the almighty.	Girl		
Boian	One who is soldier or a warrior.	Boy		
Boris	One who is a snow lepard	Boy		
Borislaw	A variant of Borislav, meaning famous battle.	Boy		
Boryslav	One who likes fighting for fame.	Boy		
Boyana	Bulgarian form of Bojana, meaning battle.	Girl		
Bozhidara	Bulgarian feminine form of Bozidar, meaning divine gift.	Girl		
Bunda	One with a furcoat	Unisex		
Casar	A ruler, an imperial person	Boy		
Casimer	A bringer of the peace	Boy		
Casimiro	He proclaims peace	Boy		
Casmir	He brought us peace	Boy		
Catta	The one woman that is pure	Girl		
Caz	One who famously destroyes the peace	Boy		
Cezar	They are hairy	Boy		
Charna	Dark	Girl		
Checo	A small child	Boy		
Chesna	A calm place	Girl		
Chessa	The one who is at peace	Girl		
Dalibor	To fight	Boy		
Danica	Morning Star	Girl		
Danika	Element name; morning star	Girl		
Dannika	Lord is supreme; morning star	Girl		
Darva	Honey Bee; sweet	Girl		
Daryna	The gift of God	Girl		
David	A beloved friend	Boy		
Davor	God of war; one who has conqured joys and sorrows	Boy		
Deanica	A beautiful morning Star	Girl		
Dimas	A compassionate and good thief who died with Jesus	Boy		
Dimitri	Earth lover of Demeter; never ending	Boy		
Dimitrios	Earth lover; they are a compassionate person	Boy		
Dragan	A dear and beloved person; precious person	Boy		
Dragomir	One who likes to care about peace	Boy		
Dusan	A content soul; satisfied	Boy		
Elena	Greek name Helen; bright one	Girl		
Elgiva	A holy and sacred human being	Girl		
Emika	in Slavik this name means charming.	Girl		
Emond	this means someone who is the protector.	Boy		
Endellion	fire or soul.	Girl		
Erik	a ruler of the world.	Boy		
Estera	a Polish word for star.	Girl		
Eva	life or living one.	Girl		
Evka	The mother of life	Girl		
Fedir	Gift from above	Boy		
Felix	A man who is blessed with good fortune, luck and success	Boy		
Feo	She is the gift of Gods	Girl		
Feodor	A heavenly gift	Boy		
Feodora	She who is a gift of heaven	Girl		
Feodosia	A gift of the god	Girl		
Fiala	A violet woman	Girl		
Gavril	The trust in God or hope in God.	Boy		
Gavrilio	God is my power and strong point.	Boy		
Gideon	Gideon is a Biblical male name of Hebrew origins. It means He that Bruises or Breaks, a Destroyer.	Boy		
Iskra	"Iskra is derived from a South Slavic word meaning ""spark""."	Girl		
Ivan	Gift of God	Girl		
Ja	Name that means "Me"	Unisex		
Jalena	The bright one	Girl		
Janika	Slavic name meaning God is gracious	Girl		
Jans	Slavic - God has been gracious; God is merciful; God has shown favour	Boy		
Jarek	One who is strong and fierce	Boy		
Jarick	A strong, fierce one	Boy		
Jarmil	One who is fierce	Boy		
Jarmila	One who loves spring	Girl		
Jaromil	A strong one	Boy		
Jaromir	One who is both fierce and peaceful	Boy		
Jaromira	Famous Spring; Feminine version of Jaromir	Girl		
Jaroslav	One who is gloriously energetic	Boy		
Jaroslava	She who is energetic and fierce	Girl		
Jaroslaw	Fierce and glorious	Boy		
Jaroslawa	She who is fierce	Girl		
Jarrick	A fierce and dear one	Boy		
Jasey	God is gracious	Girl		
Jasika	Slavic name for girls	Girl		
Jasna	A clear one	Girl		
Jasoslava	Glory of light	Girl		
Jehona	Refers to an imitation or repetition.	Girl		
Jenicka
Jereni	Free from disturbance	Girl		
Jonco	Hebrew - Yahweh is gracious, Yahweh is merciful; A variant of name John	Boy		
Josip	Hebrew - Yahweh will add; God Will Multiply; God will rise; A variant of Joseph	Boy		
Juliana	it means downy bearded person or young. They are blessed with a lot of blessings and are organized type of persons. They are unique, inspire and abundant.	Girl		
Julianna	it means young and youthful or Joves child. These people are abundant, organized, full of ideas and useful for others.	Girl		
Juraj	Juraj is a Slavic name meaning handy, quick	Boy		
Jurij	Jurij means handy	Boy		
Jurji	One who is a handy person	Boy		
Kajla	The name Kajla means Chain Golden Chain	Girl		
Kalina	The name Kalina means Like a Flower in Slavic, in Aboriginal orgins the name means To Love	Girl		
Kamilia	Kamilia means Attending the Ceremony or Sweet Flower	Girl		
Karel	Karel name means Strong, Manly, Masculine	Boy		
Kasimier	Kasimier means He Enforces Peace	Boy		
Kasimir	Kasimir means Enforser of the Peace	Boy		
Katinka	Katinka means Transparent, Clear, Pure	Girl		
Khoza	The name means Goat	Girl		
Kitka	Kitka means a Bunch of Flowers	Girl		
Kolar	Occupational name derived from the Slavic kolar meaning "cartwright"; Wheelwright	Boy		
Kole	Kole means Victory of the People	Boy		
Korva	Korva means Cow	Girl		
Krasimira	Feminine form of Krasimir. It means beautiful peace.	Girl		
Kristina	A woman of Christian faith	Girl		
Kristjan	A follower of Christ	Boy		
Krpana	Krpana means Patchwork	Girl		
Krpanaka	The name means Ptchwork	Girl		
Kryska	Kryska means a Follower of Christ	Girl		
Krystka	Krystka means She is Christian	Girl		
Laciann	Laciann means The Famous Ruler	Boy		
Lada	Lada is the name of pagan Slavic Goddes of Love, means maiden, Girl	Girl		
Ladda	Ladda means Maiden. Young Girl, Goddes of Love	Girl		
Ladeca	The name means a Mainden	Girl		
Ladina	The name means Domination and Glory	Girl		
Lala	Slavic - Tulip; Arabic - Intoxication; Wine; English:Spanish - Emerald	Girl		
Lech	From the name of Slavic tribe Lendians	Boy		
Lel	The one who takes what he wants	Boy		
Lenka	The one who illuminates, bright one	Girl		
Lexa	The defender of mankind	Girl		
Lida	A person from Lydia, a region in Asia Minor	Girl		
Lilijana	Slavic variation of names Lily and Elisabeth	Girl		
Ljuba	A Slavic word that means Love	Girl		
Lonna	A bright, almost blinding light	Girl		
Ludie	Graceful, favorable people	Girl		
Ludivine	One who is friend of the people	Girl		
Ludmila	Loved by the people	Girl		
Lumina	Bright as a Sunshine	Girl		
Lyuba	The one who loves	Girl		
Lyubomir	Bulgarian form of Lubomir, meaning loving and world.	Boy		
Lyudmila	A dear person who loves and feels deeply	Girl		
Lyudmyla	One who is nice to everyone	Girl		
Madja	A splandid, noble one	Girl		
Magda	A maiden from the tower	Girl		
Maja	She who is splendid	Girl		
Malyna	A woman sweet as a raspberry	Girl		
Maria	Variation of Mary or Miriam which means Bitter or Wished-for child	Girl		
Marjam	One who is happy	Girl		
Marjeta	A Slavic form of the name Margaret meaning pearl	Girl		
Matvey	Slavic name for Boy given by God	Boy		
MayIndian	The day of the May	Girl		
Mieszko	well known gentel man.	Boy		
Mila	A Gracious or a beautiful dear	Girl		
Milabelle	A beautiful girl, full or grace	Girl		
Milada	A gracious young girl, The lovable girl	Girl		
Milana	Slavic - Union; Favor; Grace; People	Girl		
Milaslava	One who likes or wants to be glorified	Girl		
Milen	Slavic - Gracious; Favor; Grace; Fame; Glory; A variant of Milan	Boy		
Milica	A graceful lady, An alluring one	Girl		
Millan	The Loving and Gracious person	Girl		
Milo	A merciful soldier	Boy		
Miloh	one who forgives easily	Boy		
Mirek	A peaceful nature, ambassador of peace	Boy		
Miroslav	The one who is glorified through the peace	Boy		
Miroslava	The person whose glory spread because of his peaceful nature	Boy		
Miroslawa	A calm person, a glorified peaceful person	Boy		
Mislav	The thought of glory.	Boy		
Morana	A Goddess of winter and death	Girl		
Myroslava	One who is destined to be glorious, glorious	Girl		
Nadezda	A hope or a belief	Girl		
Natashia	Celebrates the birthday on 25th of December.	Girl		
Neda	The one who was born on the Sabbath day.	Girl		
Nedda	The one who was born on the day 7th day.	Girl		
Nedi	The one who was delivered on Sabbath day.	Girl		
Nijole	The people who always conquest success.	Girl		
Noah	Relaxation, restful, harmony, calm.	Unisex		
Olya	A sacred place or sacred spirit.	Girl		
Ondrea	Possessing qualities befitting a man or having abilities suitable for a woman.	Unisex		
Peryn	Variation of a habitational Surname from the place Peryn; A variant of Slavic God Peroun	Girl		
Plamen	Slavic - Flames; Fire; Fiery	Boy		
Radek	One who is happy	Boy		
Radka	Slavic - Happy; Peace; Great; Famous; A feminine equivalent of Radko	Girl		
Radmila	A sweet happiness	Girl		
Radmilla	She who works for the people	Girl		
Radomil	Graciously willing	Boy		
Radomila	A happy and dear person	Girl		
Radomir	One who is peaceful	Boy		
Radomira	Slavic - Happy; Peace; Great; Famous;	Girl		
Radoslaw	He who loves peace	Boy		
Radu	The happy one	Boy		
Reija	One who has wings	Boy		
Rostislav	One whose glory grows	Boy		
Rostyslav
Rudolf	He is legendary like a wolf	Boy		
Rusalka	A wood's spite	Girl		
Sable	The black one	Girl		
Sagan	The one who is a wise person	Boy		
Sashmir	A peaceful defender	Boy		
Savaric	The powerful old or aged ruler	Boy		
Shathar	A man who workis in the mines	Boy		
Siwa	A name of the Goddess of love and fertility	Girl		
Slavenka	A Slavic woman.	Girl		
Slavko	Glory	Boy		
Sorana	One beautiful as a dawn	Girl		
Stacia	A short form of anastasia	Girl		
Stanislas	A man who achieves glory	Boy		
Stanislaus	A person who became glorious and famous	Boy		
Stanko	Diminutive of Stanislav, meaning to stand with glory.	Boy		
Stannes	He who achives glory in military	Boy		
Stanuie	One who becomes	Girl		
Stanway	One who becomes himself along the way	Boy		
Stanweg	To live next to a stony road	Boy		
Stara	One who is old	Girl		
Stasya	Strength, fame or firmness	Girl		
Svitlana	A variation of Svetlana, meaning pure and light.	Girl		
Tamora	Variation of the name Tamara, meaning palm tree	Girl		
Tanja	A fairy princess	Girl		
Tatia	A fairy queen	Girl		
Teodor	A gift of God	Boy		
Teodora	God's gift	Girl		
Tihomir	Derived from the Slavic elements tih, which means quiet and mir, which peace.	Boy		
Tomislaw	Suppress or torture, a Croatian king	Boy		
Trpimira	The name is derived from elements trpi endure, bear, suffer and mir meaning peace or world.	Girl		
Vadim	Ruler	Boy		
Valentina	Strong, vigourous, healthy	Girl		
Valentina	Strong, vigorous, healthy	Girl		
Veles	Derived from Volos it means an Ox. God of the earth dragons magic cattle and trickery	Boy		
Veselin	Cheerful and happy soul.	Boy		
Vlad	Old short form of Slavic names beginning with the vladeti. It means rule	Boy		
Vojtech	Voj means War, and Tech means Eager	Boy		
Volodya	Ruler of the world	Boy		
Volos	Ox or God of the earth dragons magic cattle and trickery	Boy		
Vova	Ruler of the world	Boy		
Yaromir	Man of peace	Boy		
Yaroslava	Spring glory	Girl		
Yavor	Bulgarian form of Javor, meaning maple tree.	Boy		
Zdravko	Derived from Slavic zdrav meaning healthy.	Boy		
Zhivka	Feminine form of Zhivko, meaning life or alive.	Girl		
Zorka